# Eccentric-Waveform-Comparison
For comparing eccentric and circular waveforms to calculate the mismatch, fitting factor, optimal SNR, and measured SNR from them. This script can be used for comparing any two time-domain waveforms! 

The HinderEIMR folder contains HinderEIMR_waveform_comparison.py, a python script to generate the fitting factor, mismatch, optimal SNR, and measured SNR from the comparison between eccentric waveforms from Hinder et al., 2017 (the mathematica code to generate this is  enclosed) and SEOBNRv4 (code to generate this waveform from pycbc is enclosed in the pycbc folder). 

The mathematica code to generate the HinderEIMR waveforms is called waveform_generation_code.nb. This will output waveforms generated at different eccentricities as .dat files. The converting_HinderEIMR_outfile_data_to_hdf5.py script takes all of these generated .dat files and puts them inside a key inside an hdf5 file, something useful if you need different keys to represent different binary parameters. generating_hdf5_files_for_comparison_code.py generates a clean hdf5 file with the proper amount of empty arrays used to store the comparison data from HinderEIMR_waveform_comparison.py. Although the HinderEIMR_waveform_comparison.py script will automatically generate and store mismatch, fitting factor, optimal SNR, and measured SNR plots, the script plotting_HinderEIMR_comparison_data.py allows you to plot the data generated from HinderEIMR_waveform_comparison.py if you would prefer to generate plots externally. 
